## UN-Debate-Corpus

Every year since 1946, representatives of the UN member states gather at the annual sessions of the United Nations General Assembly. The centrepiece of each session is the General Debate. This is a forum where leaders and other senior officials deliver statements that present their government’s perspective on the major issues in world politics. 

The assignment is to analyse a dataset composed of the corpus of texts of UN General Debate statements from 1970 (Session 25) to 2020 (Session 75) and, ideally, relate it with another datasets (e.g., the Happiness Report or the International Trade Dataset used in Lab 2). The United Nations General Debate Corpus is available online and you can gain extra insight about its contents by reading its paper. In 2022, the UN General Debate is happening parallely during the Fundamentals of Data Science course — please try to pre-process, clean and integrate any piece of data from the 2021 (or even the 2022) UN General Debates — under "Statements delivered during the general debate (2021)", select a day and, in the page you'll open, scroll down until you see the eStatements section).

The goal of this assignment is to perform an exploratory data analysis (i.e., data collection, data pre-processing, combination of datasets, descriptive statistics, and visualisation) and predictive analysis (i.e., model selection, training and validation). We are expected to apply statistical learning methods and report obtained coefficients and/or validation metrics. We are expected to first gather information about the dataset (i.e., read the introductory paper and dataset documentation; inspect some of the entries in the data set; inspect the Happiness Report Dataset, International Trade Dataset or others) and formulate a question that can be explored.